hello dog are you ready for a story this
story is all about a very very good dog
just like you once upon a time there was
a dog called Stanley he was a very
special dog as brave as a lion loyal and
kind with a smooth shiny coat and
velvety ears that pricked up when they
heard their person's voice not only was
Stanley as brave as a lion he was as big
as a lion to his size made Stanley
different and special and his person
loved him for it
when Stanley was first brought home he
was just a little ball of dark fur with
huge floppy paws now he'd towered over
the dogs on his Street and slept with
his long legs flopping out of his bed
Stanley looked so enormous but when his
person took him to the field at the
bottom of the Lane for his walk the
other dogs who were playing there would
hurry away they thought Stanley was far
too big to play chase with them or
sniffing snuffle around in the autumn
leaves
Stanley loved his person very much but
he felt lonely he longed for other doggy
friends to run and play with and share
adventures he would panned down to the
gate at the bottom of his garden look
out at the street with his big dark eyes
and wish for a friend one afternoon as
the autumn leaves were steadily falling
Stanley strode down to the garden gate
again it was the last day before winter
and Stanley could smell it in the air as
he watched a scruffy little pup came
bounding down the street he
had curly toffee coloured caramel eyes
and a little pink tongue Stanley had
never seen him before Ted he called his
owner from farther down the street but
Teddy had caught Stanley's scent in the
chilly air and decided to follow it he
bounced playfully along then stopped and
spotted Stanley's long dark face through
the slatted gate Teddy didn't feel
frightened and he didn't hurry away
because as every good dog knows they're
wonderful at playing
and sniffing and burying bones but what
dogs are very best at is being extremely
good friends before his person could
catch up with him
Teddy had sat down by the gate he slid
onto his tummy pushed his little face
through the wooden slats and gently
touched
Stanley's great black nose with his
Stanley's huge tail began to wag in big
gleeful sweeps he knew he'd found his
friend from then on every evening when
Teddy was taken out for his walk and
passed by Stanley's gate he would push
his nose through to say hello the other
dogs began to notice and soon Stanley
had many more noses pushing through the
gate and friends to play chase with in
the field on winters nights when Stanley
fell into a long deep doggy sleep he
dreamt of all his favorite things of
wintry walks in the woods of curling up
by a crackling fire of biscuits for
being a good boy and meeting his new
friends to play in the fields but Teddy
would always be his first friend and his
best
friend and your special person will
never find a better friend than you